Need to sell your house fast in St. Louis, Missouri?
USA Home Buyers purchases homes as-is for cash throughout St. Louis City.
We buy in Dutchtown, South City, Soulard, Benton Park, Shaw, Tower Grove, The Hill, Cherokee Street, North St. Louis, and surrounding City neighborhoods.
No agents, no fees, no repairs.
St. Louis City is independent from St. Louis County, and transactions go through City offices.
Missouri has no transfer tax, which can be a real advantage at closing.
Missouri uses non-judicial foreclosure. Once the trustee's sale notice is published, the sale can happen in 60 to 90 days.
A cash sale before that can help preserve your equity.
We provide a written cash offer in 24 hours.
If the offer works for you, we can close in as few as 7 days.
Call USA Home Buyers at 888-274-5006.